  Cargo

*transfer-cargo*
    Transfer Cargo (Action operator)
    Transfers the cargo from one ship to another ship.

    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Name of ship that cargo is being transferred from (ship
    must be in-mission).
    2: Name of ship that cargo is being transferred to (ship
    must be in-mission).
*exchange-cargo*
    Exchange Cargo (Action operator)
    Exchanges the cargos of two ships. If one of the two ships
    contains no cargo, the cargo is transferred instead.
    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Name of one of the ships (ship must be in-mission).
    2: Name of the other ship (ship must be in-mission).
*set-cargo*
    Set Cargo (Action operator)
    Sets the cargo on a ship or ship subsystem. The cargo-no-
    deplete flag status is carried through to the new cargo.
    Takes 2 or 3 arguments...
    1: Name of the cargo
    2: Name of the ship (does not need to be in-mission)
    3: Name of the ship subsystem (optional)
*jettison-cargo-delay*
    jettison-cargo-delay (deprecated)
    Causes a cargo carrying ship to jettison its cargo without
    the undocking procedure. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Ship to jettison cargo (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Delay after which to jettison cargo (note that this isn't
    actually used)
    Rest (optional): Cargo to jettison. If no optional arguments
    are specified, the ship jettisons all cargo.
*jettison-cargo*
    jettison-cargo
    Causes a cargo carrying ship to jettison its cargo without
    the undocking procedure. This is an upgrade of the old
    jettison-cargo-delay sexp which a) didn't use a delay, and
    b) botched the physics calculations. Takes 1 or more
    arguments...
    1: Ship to jettison cargo (ship must be in-mission)
    2 (optional): Speed with which to jettison cargo (defaults
    to 25)
    Rest (optional): Cargo to jettison. If no cargo arguments
    are specified, the ship jettisons all cargo.
*set-docked*
    set-docked
    Causes one ship to become instantly docked to another at the
    specified docking ports (both ships must be in-mission).
    Takes 4 arguments...
    1: Docker ship
    2: Docker point
    3: Dockee ship
    4: Dockee point
*cargo-no-deplete*
    cargo-no-deplete
    Causes the named ship to have unlimited cargo.
    Note: only applies to BIG or HUGE ships
    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1: Name of one of the ships (ship does not need to be in-
    mission).
    2: optional: 1 disallow depletion, 0 allow depletion.
*set-scanned*
    set-scanned
    Sets the cargo on the specified ship or ship subsystem as
    known or scanned. Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1: Name of a ship (ship must be in-mission)
    Rest: Name of a subsystem on that ship (optional)
*set-unscanned*
    set-unscanned
    Sets the cargo on the specified ship or ship subsystem as
    unknown or unscanned. Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1: Name of a ship (ship must be in-mission)
    Rest: Name of a subsystem on that ship (optional)
