  Containers

*add-to-list*
    add-to-list
    Adds new entries to a list container.

    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the list container.
    2: Indicates whether to add the data to the start or the end
    of the list. True means at the end, false means at the start.
    Rest: The data to be added.
*remove-from-list*
    remove-from-list
    Removes entries from a list container.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the list container.
    Rest: The data to be removed.
*add-to-map*
    add-to-map
    Adds new entries to a map container.
    If the map container already has data associated with the
    provided key, the data is replaced.

    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the map container.
    2: Key that will be used to retrieve the data stored in the
    map.
    3: Data that will be associated with the provided key.
    Rest: Additional pairs of arguments of a key and its
    associated data.
*remove-from-map*
    remove-from-map
    Removes entries by their keys from a map container.
    Ignores keys that are not associated with data in the map
    container.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the map container.
    Rest: Key whose data will be removed.
*get-map-keys*
    get-map-keys
    Copies a map container's keys in no particular order into a
    list container.
    The list container's data type must match the map
    container's key type.
    By default, the list container is cleared before the keys
    are copied.

    Takes 2 or 3 arguments...
    1: Name of the map container.
    2: Name of the list container.
    3: (Optional) When true, the list container's current
    contents are deleted. When false, the keys are appended to
    the end of the list.
*clear-container*
    clear-container
    Deletes the current contents of one or more containers.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of the container(s) to clear.
*copy-container*
    copy-container
    Copies a container's contents to another container.
    The two containers' types must match, except their
    persistence rules can be different.
    By default, the second container is cleared before copying
    takes place.

    Takes 2 or 3 arguments...
    1: Name of the container to copy from.
    2: Name of the container to copy to.
    3: (Optional) When true, the second container's contents are
    deleted before copying.
*apply-container-filter*
    apply-container-filter
    Removes values from a container using a list container as a
    filter.
    All values in the 'filter' container will be removed from
    the first container. The 'filter' container is left unchanged.
    If the first container is a map container, then the filter
    is applied to its keys and not its data.
    The filter's data type must match the type of the values to
    be removed from the first container.

    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Name of the container to apply the filter to.
    2: Name of the list container to be used as the filter.
