  Containers

*is-container-empty*
    is-container-empty (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if the specified container has no elements in it.

    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of the container.
*get-container-size*
    get-container-size (Status operator)
    Returns the number of elements in the specified container,
    or 0 if empty.

    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of the container.
*list-has-data*
    list-has-data (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if the specified list container has elements
    which match the supplied values.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the list container.
    Rest: Value that might be in the list container
*list-data-index*
    list-data-index
    Returns the index (starting at 0) for the supplied value in
    the list container.
    If the supplied value is not in the container, returns -1.

    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Name of the list container.
    2: Value that might be in the list container
*map-has-key*
    map-has-key (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if the specified map container has keys that
    match the supplied values.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the map container.
    Rest: Value that might be a key in the map container
*map-has-data-item*
    map-has-data-item (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if the specified map container has a key whose
    data matches the supplied value.
    If a variable is also supplied, three cases are possible:
    (1) If a single key has the supplied value as its data, the
    key is stored in the variable.
    (2) If multiple keys have the supplied value as their data,
    one of those keys is stored in the variable. The key may not
    be the same every time.
    (3) If there is no key that has the supplied value as its
    data, the variable is left unchanged.

    Takes either 2 or 3 arguments...
    1: Name of the map container.
    2: Value that might be data associated with a key in the map
    container.
    3: Variable to hold a map key associated with the data, if
    one exists (optional). The variable type must match the key
    type.
