  Cutscenes

*set-cutscene-bars*
    set-cutscene-bars
    Shows bars at the top and bottom of screen. Takes 0 or 1
    arguments...
    1: Milliseconds for bars to slide in
*unset-cutscene-bars*
    unset-cutscene-bars
    Removes cutscene bars. Takes 0 or 1 arguments...
    1: Milliseconds for bars to slide out
*fade-in*
    fade-in
    Fades in. Takes 0 to 4 arguments...
    1: Time to fade in (in milliseconds)
    2: Color to fade from (optional). If arguments 3 and 4 are
    specified, this is the R component of an RGB color.
    Otherwise it is 1 for white, 2 for red, and any other number
    for black.
    3: G component of an RGB color (optional)
    4: B component of an RGB color (optional)
*fade-out*
    fade-out
    Fades out. Takes 0 to 4 arguments...
    1: Time to fade out (in milliseconds)
    2: Color to fade to (optional). If arguments 3 and 4 are
    specified, this is the R component of an RGB color.
    Otherwise it is 1 for white, 2 for red, and any other number
    for black.
    3: G component of an RGB color (optional)
    4: B component of an RGB color (optional)
*set-camera*
    set-camera
    Sets SEXP camera, or another specified cutscene camera.
    Takes 0 to 1 arguments...
    (optional)
    1: Camera name (created if nonexistent)
*set-camera-position*
    set-camera-position
    Sets the camera position to a spot in mission space. Takes 3
    to 6 arguments...
    1: X position
    2: Y position
    3: Z position
    (optional)
    4: Total turn time (milliseconds)
    5: Time to spend accelerating/decelerating (milliseconds)
    6: Time to spend decelerating (milliseconds)
*set-camera-facing*
    set-camera-facing
    Makes the camera face the given point. Takes 3 to 6
    arguments...
    1: X position to face
    2: Y position to face
    3: Z position to face
    (optional)
    4: Total turn time (milliseconds)
    5: Time to spend accelerating/decelerating (milliseconds)
    6: Time to spend decelerating (milliseconds)
*set-camera-facing-object*
    set-camera-facing-object
    Makes the camera face the given object. Takes 1 to 4
    arguments...
    1: Object to face
    (optional)
    2: Total turn time (milliseconds)
    3: Time to spend accelerating/decelerating (milliseconds)
    4: Time to spend decelerating (milliseconds)
*set-camera-rotation*
    set-camera-rotation
    Sets the camera rotation. Takes 3 to 6 arguments...
    1: Pitch (degrees)
    2: Bank (degrees)
    3: Heading (degrees)
    (optional)
    4: Total turn time (milliseconds)
    5: Time to spend accelerating/decelerating (milliseconds)
    6: Time to spend decelerating (milliseconds)
*set-camera-host*
    set-camera-host
    Sets the object and subystem camera should view from. Camera
    position is offset from the host. If the selected subsystem
    or one of its children has an eyepoint bound to it it will
    be used for the camera position and orientation.If the
    selected subsystem is a turret and has no eyepoint the
    camera will be at the first firing point and look along the
    firing direction.If a valid camera target is set the
    direction to the target will override any other
    orientation.Takes 1 to 2 arguments...
    1: Ship to mount camera on
    (optional)
    2: Subystem to mount camera on
*set-camera-target*
    set-camera-target
    Sets the object and subystem camera should track. Camera
    orientation is offset from the target. Takes 1 to 2
    arguments...
    1: Ship to track
    (optional)
    2: Subystem to track
*set-camera-fov*
    set-camera-fov
    Sets the camera field of view. Takes 1 to 4 arguments...
    1: New FOV (degrees)
    (optional)
    2: Total zoom time (milliseconds)
    3: Time to spend accelerating/decelerating (milliseconds)
    4: Time to spend decelerating (milliseconds)
*set-fov*
    set-fov
    Sets the field of view - overrides all camera settings. Will
    also override cockpit FOV settings. Takes 1 argument...
    1: New FOV (degrees)
*get-fov*
    get-fov
    Returns the current field of view (in degrees) from the Main
    camera.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes no arguments.
*reset-fov*
    reset-fov
    Resets the field of view.
*reset-camera*
    reset-camera
    Releases cutscene camera control. Takes 1 optional argument...
    (optional)
    1: Reset camera data (Position, facing, FOV...) (default: false)
*show-subtitle*
    show-subtitle (deprecated)
    Displays a subtitle, either an image or a string of text.
    Please note that, in images without an alpha channel, black
    pixels will be treated as transparent. In images with an
    alpha channel, black pixels will be drawn as expected.

    As this operator tries to combine two functions into one and
    does not adjust coordinates for screen formats, it has been
    deprecated.

    Takes 4 to 14 arguments...
    1: X position (negative value to be from right of screen)
    2: Y position (negative value to be from bottom of screen)
    3: Text to display
    4: Time to be displayed, not including fadein/out
    5: Image name (optional)
    6: Fade in time (optional)
    7: Center horizontally? (optional)
    8: Center vertically? (optional)
    9: Width (optional)
    10: Text red component (0-255) (optional)
    11: Text green component (0-255) (optional)
    12: Text blue component (0-255) (optional)
    13: Drawn after shading? (optional; defaults to false)
    14: Line vertical spacing, as a percentage, for displaying
    multi-line subtitles (optional; defaults to 100)
*show-subtitle-text*
    show-subtitle-text
    Displays a subtitle in the form of text. Note that because
    of the constraints of the subtitle system, textual subtitles
    are currently limited to 255 characters or fewer.

    Certain arguments can be specified in a percentage of the
    screen or an absolute number of pixels. This is controlled
    by the '$Show-subtitle uses pixels' game_settings.tbl
    option. Whether percentages or pixels, the subtitle can be
    configured to scale according to screen resolution via the
    '$Show-subtitle base resolution' option.

    Takes 6 to 15 arguments...
    1: Text to display, or the name of a message containing text
    2: X position (percentage/pixels) - positive measures from
    the left; negative measures from the right
    3: Y position (percentage/pixels) - positive measures from
    the top; negative measures from the bottom
    4: Center horizontally? (if true, overrides argument #2)
    5: Center vertically? (if true, overrides argument #3)
    6: Time (in milliseconds) to be displayed, not including
    fade-in/fade-out
    7: Fade time (in milliseconds) to be used for both fade-in
    and fade-out (optional)
    8: Paragraph width (percentage/pixels) (optional; 0 uses
    default 200 pixels)
    9: Text red component (0-255) (optional)
    10: Text green component (0-255) (optional)
    11: Text blue component (0-255) (optional)
    12: Text font (optional)
    13: Drawn after shading? (optional; defaults to false)
    14: Line vertical spacing (percentage/pixels), for
    displaying multi-line subtitles (optional; defaults to 100%)
    15: Adjust subtitle width if screen aspect ratio is
    different from base resolution? (optional; has no effect if
    subtitle base resolution is not specified; defaults to true)
*show-subtitle-image*
    show-subtitle-image
    Displays a subtitle in the form of an image. Please note
    that, in images without an alpha channel, black pixels will
    be treated as transparent. In images with an alpha channel,
    black pixels will be drawn as expected.

    Certain arguments can be specified in a percentage of the
    screen or an absolute number of pixels. This is controlled
    by the '$Show-subtitle uses pixels' game_settings.tbl
    option. Whether percentages or pixels, the subtitle can be
    configured to scale according to screen resolution via the
    '$Show-subtitle base resolution' option.

    Takes 8 to 11 arguments...
    1: Image to display
    2: X position (percentage/pixels) - positive measures from
    the left; negative measures from the right
    3: Y position (percentage/pixels) - positive measures from
    the top; negative measures from the bottom
    4: Center horizontally? (if true, overrides argument #2)
    5: Center vertically? (if true, overrides argument #3)
    6: Image width (percentage/pixels) (0 uses original width)
    7: Image height (percentage/pixels) (0 uses original height)
    8: Time (in milliseconds) to be displayed, not including
    fade-in/fade-out
    9: Fade time (in milliseconds) to be used for both fade-in
    and fade-out (optional)
    10: Drawn after shading? (optional; defaults to false)
    11: Adjust subtitle width/height if screen aspect ratio is
    different from base resolution? (optional; has no effect if
    subtitle base resolution is not specified; defaults to true)
*clear-subtitles*
    clear-subtitles
    Clears the subtitle queue completely.
*lock-perspective*
    lock-perspective
    Prevents or allows the player from changing the view mode.
    Takes 1 or 2 arguments...
    1: True to lock the view mode, false to unlock it
    2: What view mode to lock; 0 for first-person, 1 for chase,
    2 for external, 3 for top-down, or -1 to not change the
    current view mode
    3: If in first-person, true to lock the hat/slew/free-look/
    target-track mode, false to unlock it (optional)
*set-camera-shudder*
    set-camera-shudder
    Causes the camera to shudder. Currently this will only work
    if the camera is showing the player's viewpoint (i.e. the HUD).

    Takes 2 to 4 arguments...
    1: Time (in milliseconds)
    2: Intensity. For comparison, the Maxim has an intensity of
    1440.
    3: Perpetual (optional). Whether the effect is perpetual,
    i.e. does not decay.
    4: Everywhere (optional). Whether the effect is applied to
    all camera views.
*supernova-start*
    supernova-start
    1: Time in seconds that the supernova lasts. Note that it
    will actually hit the player at SUPERNOVA_HIT_TIME seconds.
    If you want the HUD gauge to adjust for this, use the
    '$Supernova hits at zero' game_settings.tbl option.
*supernova-stop*
    supernova-stop
    Stops a supernova in progress.
    Note this only works if the camera hasn't cut to the
    player's death animation yet.
*set-motion-debris-override*
    set-motion-debris-override
    Controls whether or not motion debris should be active.
    This overrides any choice made by the user through the -
    nomotiondebris commandline flag.Takes 1 argument...
    1: Boolean: True will disable motion debris, False reenable it.
