  Damage

*shields-left*
    Shields left (Status operator)
    Returns the current level of the specified ship's shields as
    a percentage.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship to check (evaluation returns NAN until ship
    is in-mission).
*hits-left*
    Hits left (Status operator)
    Returns the current level of the specified ship's hull as a
    percentage.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship to check (evaluation returns NAN until ship
    is in-mission).
*hits-left-subsystem*
    Hits left subsystem (status operator, deprecated)
    Returns the current level of the specified ship's subsystem
    integrity as a percentage of the damage done to *all
    subsystems of the same type*. This operator provides the
    same functionality as the new hits-left-subsystem-generic
    operator, except that it gets the subsystem type in a very
    misleading way. Common consensus among SCP programmers is
    that this operator was intended to behave like hits-left-
    subsystem-specific but was programmed incorrectly. As such,
    this operator is deprecated. Mission designers are strongly
    encouraged to use hits-left-subsystem-specific rather than
    the optional boolean parameter.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 2 or 3 arguments...
    1: Name of ship to check (evaluation returns NAN until ship
    is in-mission).
    2: Name of subsystem on ship to check.
    3: (Optional) True/False. When set to true only the
    subsystem supplied will be tested; when set to false (the
    default), all subsystems of that type will be tested.
*hits-left-subsystem-generic*
    hits-left-subsystem-generic (status operator)
    Returns the current level of integrity of a generic
    subsystem type, as a percentage. A "generic subsystem type"
    is a subsystem *category*, (for example, Engines), that
    includes one or more *individual* subsystems (for example,
    engine01, engine02, and engine03) on a ship.

    This is the way FreeSpace tests certain subsystem thresholds
    internally; for example, if the integrity of all engine
    subsystems (that is, the combined strength of all engines
    divided by the maximum total strength of all engines) is
    less than 30%, the player cannot warp out.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Name of ship to check (evaluation returns NAN until ship
    is in-mission)
    2: Name of subsystem type to check
*hits-left-subsystem-specific*
    hits-left-subsystem-specific (status operator)
    Returns the current level of integrity of a specific
    subsystem, as a percentage.

    (If you were looking for the old hits-left-subsystem
    operator, this is almost certainly the operator you want.
    The hits-left-subsystem operator suffers from a serious
    design flaw that causes it to behave like hits-left-
    subsystem-generic. As such it has been deprecated and will
    not appear in the operator list; it can only be used if you
    type it in manually. Old missions using hits-left-subsystem
    will still work, but mission designers are strongly
    encouraged to use the new operators instead.)

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Name of ship to check (evaluation returns NAN until ship
    is in-mission)
    2: Name of subsystem to check
*sim-hits-left*
    Simulated Hits left (Status operator)
    Returns the current level of the specified ship's simulated
    hull as a percentage.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship to check (evaluation returns NAN until ship
    is in-mission).
*get-damage-caused*
    Get damage caused (Status operator)
    Returns the amount of damage one or more ships have done to
    a ship.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Ship that has been damaged.
    2: Name of ships that may have damaged it.
