  Messages and Personas

*send-message*
    Send message (Action operator)
    Sends a message to the player. Can be sent by a ship, wing,
    or special source. To send it from a special source, make
    the first character of the first argument a "#".

    High and Normal priorities are not interrupted by anything
    and take precedence over built-in messages.
    Low priority may be interrupted by built-in messages.
    If the sender is destroyed, Normal and Low priority messages
    will not be sent. High priority messages will be reassigned
    to Command and will be sent if one of the following is true:
    1. The message has no persona
    2. The message has a wingman persona, the message's filename
    starts with 1_ through 6_, and there exists a corresponding
    filename starting with TC_ that can be used instead

    Takes 3 arguments...
    1: Name of who the message is from.
    2: Priority of message ("Low", "Normal" or "High").
    3: Name of message (from message list).
*send-builtin-message*
    Send builtin message (Action operator)
    Sends a builtin message (from messages.tbl) to the player.
    The message is sent exactly the same way as it would be if
    it were sent automatically; i.e. the sender's persona and
    species are considered, as is the mission mood and any
    message filters, and disable-builtin-messages is respected.
    Due to technical limitations, all #special sources are
    treated as #Command.
    It is legal to send a message from a source which can't
    normally send it, so long as appropriate messages are
    defined in messages.tbl. For example, this can be used to
    make a cruiser send a Help message.

    Takes 4 or more arguments...
    1: The type of message to send.
    2: The message's subject (used with message filters). If you
    don't know what this means, set it to <none>. 3: Pick a
    random sender? If this is false, the first available sender
    will be used.
    Rest: Who should send the message - a ship, a wing,
    #Command, or <any wingman>.
*send-message-list*
    send-message-list
    Sends a series of delayed messages. All times are
    accumulated. Takes arguments in multiples of 4.
    1: Name of who the message is from.
    2: Priority of message ("Low", "Normal" or "High").
    3: Name of message (from message list).
    4: Delay from previous message in list (if any) in ms
    Use Add-Data for multiple messages.

    IMPORTANT: Each additional message in the list MUST HAVE
    four entries; any message without the four proper fields
    will be ignored, as will any successive messages.

    See send-message for the message priority descriptions.
*send-message-chain*
    send-message-chain
    This works just like send-message-list, but if the event
    specified in the first argument becomes true, all un-played
    messages are cancelled.
    1: The event that will cancel the message chain.
    2: Name of who the message is from.
    3: Priority of message ("Low", "Normal" or "High").
    4: Name of message (from message list).
    5: Delay from previous message in list (if any) in ms
    Use Add-Data for multiple messages.

    IMPORTANT: Each additional message in the list MUST HAVE
    four entries; any message without the four proper fields
    will be ignored, as will any successive messages.

    See send-message for the message priority descriptions.
*send-random-message*
    Send random message (Action operator)
    Sends a random message to the player from those supplied.
    Can be sent by a ship, wing, or special source. To send it
    from a special source, make the first character of the first
    argument a "#".

    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Name of who the message is from.
    2: Priority of message ("Low", "Normal" or "High"). Rest:
    Name of message (from message list).
*scramble-messages*
    scramble-messages
    Causes messages to be sent or received as if the player had
    sustained communications subsystem or EMP damage. This
    effect can be reversed using unscramble-messages. Takes zero
    or more arguments.
    All (Optional): Name of the ship for which to scramble
    messages. If no ships are specified, message scrambling will
    be turned on for the player.
*unscramble-messages*
    unscramble-messages
    Undoes the effects of scramble-messages, causing messages to
    be sent or received clearly (conditions permitting). Takes
    zero or more arguments.
    All (Optional): Name of the ship for which to scramble
    messages. If no ships are specified, message scrambling will
    be turned off for the player.
*disable-builtin-messages*
    Disable builtin messages (Action operator)
    Turns the built in messages sent by command or pilots off
    Takes 0 or more arguments....
    If no arguments are supplied all built in messages are
    disabled.
    Using the Any Wingman option silences for all ships in wings.
    All: Name of ship to be silenced (ship does not need to be
    in-mission).
*enable-builtin-messages*
    Enable builtin messages (Action operator)
    Turns the built in messages sent by command or pilots on
    Takes 0 or more arguments...
    If no arguments are supplied any ships not given individual
    silence orders will be able
    to send built in messages. Command will also be unsilenced
    Using the Any Wingman option cancels radio silence for all
    ships in wings.
    All: Name of ship to allow to talk (ship does not need to be
    in-mission).
*set-persona*
    Set Persona (Action operator)
    Sets the persona of the supplied ship to the persona supplied
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Persona to use. Rest: Name of the ship (ship must be in-
    mission).
*set-death-message*
    set-death-message
    Sets the message displayed when the specified players are
    killed. Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1: The message
    Rest: The players for whom this message is displayed
    (optional) (currently not implemented)
*set-mission-mood*
    set Mission Mood (Action operator)
    Sets the mood of the mission, this affects the choice of
    builtin messages sent by wingmen
    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Mission mood (from messages.tbl) to use.
