  Mission and Campaign

*invalidate-goal*
    Invalidate goal (Action operator)
    Makes a mission goal invalid, which causes it to not show up
    on mission goals screen, or be evaluated.
    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of mission goal to invalidate.
*validate-goal*
    Validate goal (Action operator)
    Makes a mission goal valid again, so it shows up on mission
    goals screen.
    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of mission goal to validate.
*red-alert*
    red-alert
    Causes Red Alert status in a mission. This function ends the
    current mission, and moves to the next mission in the
    campaign under red alert status. There should only be one
    branch from a mission that uses this expression

    Takes no arguments.
*end-mission*
    end-mission
    Ends the mission without the usual jump-out sequence. This
    immediately dumps the player back into a normal debriefing.
    Red-alert status is not invoked.
    1: End Mission even if the player is dead (optional;
    defaults to true)
    2: Boot the player out into the main hall instead of going
    to the debriefing (optional; defaults to false; not
    supported in multi)
    3: Go to the mainhall instead of starting the next mission
    (optional; defaults to false; not yet tested in multi)
*force-jump*
    force-jump
    Forces activation of the player's subspace drive, thus
    ending the mission. Takes no arguments.
*end-campaign*
    end-campaign
    Ends the builtin campaign. Should only be used by the main
    FreeSpace campaign
    1: End Campaign even if the player is dead (optional;
    defaults to true)
*set-debriefing-toggled*
    set-debriefing-toggled
    Sets or clears the "toggle debriefing" mission flag. If set,
    the mission will have its debriefing turned off, unless it
    is a multiplayer dogfight mission, in which case its
    debriefing will be turned on. Takes 1 argument.
*set-debriefing-persona*
    set-debriefing-persona
    Sets the numeric prefix to be used for debriefing voice
    files in automatic debriefing stages (promotions, ace
    badges, traitor). This is usually specified in the campaign
    editor, but it can be overridden mid-mission with this sexp.
    Takes 1 argument.
*set-traitor-override*
    set-traitor-override
    Sets the override debriefing info for the traitor debrief.
    Must be tabled in traitor.tbl.
*allow-treason*
    allow-treason
    Turns the Allow Traitor switch on or off in mission. Takes 0
    arguments.
    1: True/False.
*grant-promotion*
    Grant promotion (Action operator)
    In a single player game, grants the player an automatic
    promotion to the next rank which they can obtain. If they
    are already at the highest rank, this operator has no
    effect. It takes no arguments.
*grant-medal*
    Grant medal (Action operator)
    In single player missions, this function grants the given
    medal to the player. Currently, only 1 medal will be allowed
    to be given per mission.

    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of medal to grant to player.
*allow-ship*
    Allow ship (Action operator)
    This operator makes the given ship type available to the
    player team. Players will be able to have ships of this type
    in their starting wings in all future missions of this
    campaign.

    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship type (or ship class) to allow.
*allow-weapon*
    Allow weapon (Action operator)
    This operator makes the given weapon available to the player
    team. Players will be able to equip ships with in all future
    missions of this campaign.

    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of weapon (primary or secondary) to allow.
*tech-add-ships*
    Tech add ship (Action operator)
    This operator makes the given ship type available in the
    techroom database. Players will then be able to view this
    ship's specs there.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ship type (or ship class) to add.
*tech-add-weapons*
    Tech add weapon (Action operator)
    This operator makes the given weapon available in the
    techroom database. Players will then be able to view this
    weapon's specs there.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of weapon (primary or secondary) to add.
*tech-add-intel*
    Tech add intel (Action operator, deprecated in favor of
    tech-add-intel-xstr)
    This operator makes the given intel entry available in the
    techroom database. Players will then be able to view this
    intel entry there.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of intel entry to add.
*tech-remove-intel*
    Tech remove intel (Action operator, deprecated in favor of
    tech-remove-intel-xstr)
    This operator removes the given intel entry in the techroom
    database. Players will then not be able to view this intel
    entry there.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of intel entry to remove.
*tech-add-intel-xstr*
    Tech add intel XSTR (Action operator)
    This operator makes the given intel entry available in the
    techroom database. Players will then be able to view this
    intel entry there.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of intel entry to add.
    2: XSTR ID of intel entry, or -1 if there is no XSTR entry.
    Use Add-Data for multiple entries.

    IMPORTANT: Each additional entry in the list MUST HAVE two
    fields; any entry without both fields will be ignored, as
    will any successive entries.
*tech-remove-intel-xstr*
    Tech remove intel XSTR (Action operator)
    This operator removes the given intel entry, so it is no
    longer available in the techroom database. Players will then
    not be able to view this intel entry there.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of intel entry to remove.
    2: XSTR ID of intel entry, or -1 if there is no XSTR entry.
    Use Add-Data for multiple entries.

    IMPORTANT: Each additional entry in the list MUST HAVE two
    fields; any entry without both fields will be ignored, as
    will any successive entries.
*tech-reset-to-default*
    Tech reset to default (Action operator)
    This operator resets the tech room to the default
    represented in the tables. This is useful for starting new
    campaigns, so that the player will not see tech entries
    carried over from previous campaigns.

    Takes no arguments.
*change-player-score*
    Change Player Score (Action operator)
    This operator allows direct alteration of the player's score
    for this mission.

    Takes 2 or more arguments. 1: Amount to alter the player's
    score by.
    Rest: Name of ship the player is flying.
*change-team-score*
    Change Team Score (Action operator)
    This operator allows direct alteration of the team's score
    for a TvT mission (Does nothing otherwise).

    Takes 2 arguments. 1: Amount to alter the team's score by.
    2: The team to alter the score for. (0 will add the score to
    all teams!)
*set-respawns*
    set-respawns
    Set the # respawns a player (or AI that could have been a
    player) has used.
    1: Number of respawns used up
    Rest: The player start ship to operate on.
    Only really useful for multiplayer.
*add-remove-hotkey*
    add-remove-hotkey
    Add or remove hotkey for the specified ship(s) or wing(s)
    Takes 3 or more arguments
    1: Boolean. True adds hotkey and false removes hotkey.
    2: Integer of hotkey to add or remove. 0=F5, 1=F6, ...
    (rest): Name(s) of ship(s) or wing(s)
