  Models and Textures

*change-ship-class*
    change-ship-class
    Causes the listed ships' classes to be changed to the
    specified ship class. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: The name of the new ship class
    Rest: The list of ships to change the classes of (ships do
    not need to be in-mission)
*deactivate-glow-maps*
    deactivate-glow-maps
    Deactivates the glow maps for a ship. Takes 1 or more
    arguments...
    All: Name of ship on which to deactivate glow maps (ship
    must be in-mission)
*activate-glow-maps*
    activate-glow-maps
    Activates the glow maps for a ship. Takes 1 or more
    arguments...
    All: Name of ship on which to activate glow maps (ship must
    be in-mission)
*deactivate-glow-points*
    deactivate-glow-points
    Deactivates all glow points on a ship. Takes 1 or more
    arguments...
    All: Name of ship on which to deactivate glow points (ship
    must be in-mission)
*activate-glow-points*
    activate-glow-points
    Activates all glow points on a ship. Takes 1 or more
    arguments...
    All: Name of ship on which to activate glow points (ship
    must be in-mission)
*deactivate-glow-point-bank*
    deactivate-glow-point-bank
    Deactivates one or more glow point bank(s) on a ship. Takes
    2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of ship on which to deactivate glow point bank(s)
    (ship must be in-mission)
    Rest: Name of glow point bank to deactivate
*activate-glow-point-bank*
    activate-glow-point-bank
    Activates one or more glow point bank(s) on a ship. Takes 2
    or more arguments...
    1: Name of ship on which to activate glow point bank(s)
    (ship must be in-mission)
    Rest: Name of glow point bank to activate
*set-thrusters-status*
    set-thrusters-status
    Manipulates the thrusters on a ship.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Boolean, true sets thrusters to visible, false
    deactivates them.
    2: Rest: List of ships this sexp will work on (ship must be
    in-mission).
*don't-collide-invisible*
    don't-collide-invisible
    Sets the "don't collide invisible" flag on a list of ships.
    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: List of ships on which to set the "don't collide
    invisible" flag (ships do not need to be in-mission)
*collide-invisible*
    collide-invisible
    Unsets the "don't collide invisible" flag on a list of ships.
    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: List of ships on which to unset the "don't collide
    invisible" flag (ships do not need to be in-mission)
*add-to-collision-group*
    add-to-collision-group
    Adds a ship to the specified collision group(s). Note that
    there are 32 collision groups, and that an object may be in
    several collision groups at the same time
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Ship to add (ships do not need to be in-mission).
    2+: Group IDs. Valid IDs are 0 through 31 inclusive.
*remove-from-collision-group*
    remove-from-collision-group
    Removes a ship from the specified collision group(s). Note
    that there are 32 collision groups, and that an object may
    be in several collision groups at the same time
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Ship to add (ships do not need to be in-mission).
    2+: Group IDs. Valid IDs are 0 through 31 inclusive.
*add-to-collision-group-new*
    add-to-collision-group-new
    Adds one or more ships to the specified collision group.
    There are 32 collision groups, and an object may be in
    several collision groups at the same time. This sexp
    functions identically to add-to-collision-group, except that
    the arguments are one group and many ships, rather than one
    ship and many groups.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Group ID. Valid IDs are 0 through 31 inclusive.
    2+: Ship to add (ships do not need to be in-mission).
*remove-from-collision-group-new*
    remove-from-collision-group-new
    Removes one or more ships from the specified collision
    group. There are 32 collision groups, and an object may be
    in several collision groups at the same time. This sexp
    functions identically to remove-from-collision-group, except
    that the arguments are one group and many ships, rather than
    one ship and many groups.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Group ID. Valid IDs are 0 through 31 inclusive.
    2+: Ship to remove (ships do not need to be in-mission).
*get-collision-group*
    get-collision-group
    Returns an objects' collision group ID. Note that this ID is
    a bitfield.
    Takes 1 Argument...
    1: Object name
*change-team-color*
    change-team-color
    Changes the team color setting for one or several ships.
    This sexp has no effect on ships that don't have team colors
    enabled for them.
    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: The new team color name. Name must be defined in colors.tbl.
    2: Crossfade time in milliseconds. During this time, colors
    will be mixed.
    3: Rest: List of ships this sexp will operate on (ships must
    be in-mission).
*replace-texture*
    replace-texture
    Changes a texture of a ship to a different texture, similar
    to the FRED texture replace.
    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the texture to be replaced.
    2: Name of the texture to be changed to.
    Rest: Name of the ship or wing (ship/wing does not need to
    be in-mission).
*replace-skybox-texture*
    replace-skybox-texture
    Changes a texture of the skybox to a different texture,
    similar to the FRED texture replace.
    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Name of the texture to be replaced.
    2: Name of the texture to be changed to.
*set-alpha-multiplier*
    set-alpha-multiplier
    Sets the opacity of a ship.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Opacity (0 = transparent, 100 = opaque)
    Rest: Name of the ship or wing (ship/wing must be in-mission).
*trigger-ship-animation*
    trigger-ship-animation
    Triggers an animation on a ship.
    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: The ship to trigger the animation on (ship must be in-
    mission).
    2: The trigger type of the animation.
    3: The triggered-by value of the animation. Must be the same
    as in the table for the animation. Leave blank if not
    specified in the table.
    Exception: fighterbay-type animations must specify the
    number of the fighter bay path.
    4: If the animation should play forwards (true) or backwards
    (false). Defaults to true.
    5: If the animation should reset before playing. Defaults to
    false.
    6: If the animation should complete instantly. Defaults to
    false.
    7: If the animation should pause, instead of playing.
    Defaults to false.
*stop-looping-animation*
    stop-looping-animation
    Stops a looping animation once it finishes its current loop.
    Takes 3 arguments...
    1: The ship to trigger the animation on (ship must be in-
    mission).
    2: The trigger type of the animation.
    3: The triggered-by value of the animation. Must be the same
    as in the table for the animation. Leave blank if not
    specified in the table.
    Exception: fighterbay-type animations must specify the
    number of the fighter bay path.
*update-moveable-animation*
    update-moveable-animation
    Updates the data for a moveable animation.
    Takes 2 and more arguments...
    1: The ship to update the moveable for (ship must be in-
    mission).
    2: The name of the moveable.
    Rest: The data for the moveable. Depends on moveable type.
    Refer to the table below:

    Orientation:
    Three numbers, x, y, z rotation respectively, in degrees
    Rotation:
    Three numbers, x, y, z rotation respectively, in degrees
    Translation:
    Three required numbers: x, y, z position target relative to
    base, in 1/100th meters
    Axis Rotation:
    One number, rotation angle in degrees
    Inverse Kinematics:
    Three required numbers: x, y, z position target relative to
    base, in 1/100th meters
    Three optional numbers: x, y, z rotation target relative to
    base, in degrees
