  Music and Sound

*change-soundtrack*
    change-soundtrack
    Changes the mission music. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of the music selection (taken from music.tbl)
*play-sound-from-table*
    play-sound-from-table
    Plays a sound listed in the Game Sounds section of
    sounds.tbl. Note that if the sound is a non-3D sound (if the
    min and max radius are 0, or unspecified), the sound will
    just play without being fixed at a particular position in
    space. In this case, the origin coordinates will be ignored.
    (A better design would have put the sound index first and
    made the origin arguments optional, but the difference
    between 2D and 3D sounds was not understood at the time.
    C'est la vie.)

    Takes 4 arguments...
    1: Origin X
    2: Origin Y
    3: Origin Z
    4: Sound (index into sounds.tbl or name of the sound entry)
*play-sound-from-file*
    play-sound-from-file
    Plays a sound, such as a music soundtrack, from a file.
    Multiple sounds can be played with this sexp by assigning
    each sound to a music handle stored in a variable.
    Takes 1 to 4 arguments...
    1: Sound (file name)
    2: Enter a non-zero number to loop. default is off (optional).
    3: Enter a non-zero number to use environment effects.
    default is off (optional).
    4: Numeric variable in which to store the music handle
    (optional). If no variable is specified, the 'default'
    handle is used. Only one 'default' track can be played at a
    time, but multiple variable-managed tracks can be played.
*close-sound-from-file*
    close-sound-from-file
    Closes the currently playing sound started by play-sound-
    from-file, if there is any. Takes 0 to 2 arguments...
    1: Fade (optional; default is true)
    2: Numeric variable containing a music handle (optional). If
    no variable is specified, the 'default' handle is used.
*pause-sound-from-file*
    pause-sound-from-file
    Pauses or unpauses the currently playing sound started by
    play-sound-from-file, if there is any. Takes 1 or 2
    arguments...
    1: Boolean - True to pause, False to unpause
    2: Numeric variable containing a music handle (optional). If
    no variable is specified, the 'default' handle is used.
*set-sound-environment*
    set-sound-environment
    Sets the EAX environment for all sound effects. Optionally
    sets one or more parameters specific to the environment.
    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1: Sound environment name (a value of "<none>" will disable
    the effects)
    2: Environment option (optional)
    3: Environment value x 1000, e.g. 10 is 0.01 (optional)
    Use Add-Data to specify additional environment options in
    repeating option-value pairs, just like Send-Message-List
    can have additional messages in source-priority-message-
    delay groups.

    IMPORTANT: each additional option in the list MUST HAVE two
    entries; any option without the two proper fields will be
    ignored, as will any successive options.
*update-sound-environment*
    update-sound-environment
    Updates the current EAX environment with new values. Takes 2
    or more arguments...
    1: Environment option
    2: Environment value x 1000, e.g. 10 is 0.01
    Use Add-Data to specify additional environment options in
    repeating option-value pairs, just like Send-Message-List
    can have additional messages in source-priority-message-
    delay groups.

    IMPORTANT: Each additional option in the list MUST HAVE two
    entries; any option without the two proper fields will be
    ignored, as will any successive options.
*adjust-audio-volume*
    adjust-audio-volume
    Adjusts the relative volume of one sound type. Takes 1 to 3
    arguments....
    1: Sound Type to adjust, either Music, Voice or Effects.
    Will act as a reset for the given category, if no other
    argument present
    2: Percentage of the users' settings to adjust to
    (optional), 0 will be silence, 100 means the maximum volume
    as set by the user
    3: Fade time (optional), time in milliseconds to adjust the
    volume
