Objectives

*is-destroyed-delay*
    Is destroyed delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after all specified ships
    (including listed ships not in-mission) have been destroyed.
    WARNING: If multiple is-destroyed-delay SEXPs are used in a
    directive event, unexpected results may be observed. Instead,
    use a single is-destroyed-delay SEXP with multiple parameters.
    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Time delay in seconds (see above).
    Rest: Name of ship (or wing) to check status of.
*was-destroyed-by-delay*
    Was destroyed by delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after all specified ships
    (including listed ships not in-mission) have been destroyed by
    the specified first ship.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Time delay in seconds (see above).
    2: Ship that should have destroyed the other ships (see below).
    Rest: Name of ships to check status of.
*is-subsystem-destroyed-delay*
    Is subsystem destroyed delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after the specified subsystem of
    the specified ship is destroyed. This will remain true even if
    the subsystem is subsequently repaired. If the subsystem is
    destroyed multiple times, the delay is measured from the first
    time.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 3 arguments...
    1: Name of ship the subsystem we are checking is on.
    2: The name of the subsystem we are checking status of.
    3: Time delay in seconds (see above).
*is-disabled-delay*
    Is disabled delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after the specified ship(s) are
    disabled. A ship is disabled when all of its engine subsystems
    are destroyed. All ships must be disabled for this operator to
    return true. This will remain true even if an engine subsystem
    is subsequently repaired. If a ship becomes disabled multiple
    times, the delay is measured from the first time.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Time delay is seconds (see above).
    Rest: Names of ships to check disabled status of.
*is-disarmed-delay*
    Is disarmed delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after the specified ship(s) are
    disarmed. A ship is disarmed when all of its turret subsystems
    are destroyed. All ships must be disarmed for this function to
    return true. This will remain true even if a turret subsystem is
    subsequently repaired. If a ship becomes disarmed multiple
    times, the delay is measured from the first time.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Time delay is seconds (see above).
    Rest: Names of ships to check disarmed status of.
*has-docked-delay*
    Has docked delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after the specified ships have
    docked the specified number of times.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 4 arguments...
    1: The name of the docker ship
    2: The name of the dockee ship
    3: The number of times they have to have docked
    4: Time delay in seconds (see above).
*has-undocked-delay*
    Has undocked delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after the specified ships have
    undocked the specified number of times.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 4 arguments...
    1: The name of the docker ship
    2: The name of the dockee ship
    3: The number of times they have to have undocked
    4: Time delay in seconds (see above).
*has-arrived-delay*
    Has arrived delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after the specified ship(s) have
    arrived into the mission. Note that a ship which is present at
    mission start is NOT considered to have arrived.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Time delay in seconds (see above).
    Rest: Name of ship (or wing) we want to check has arrived.
*has-departed-delay*
    Has departed delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after the specified ship(s) or
    wing(s) have departed from the mission by warping out. If any
    ship was destroyed, this operator will never be true.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Time delay in seconds (see above).
    Rest: Name of ship (or wing) we want to check has departed.
*are-waypoints-done-delay*
    Waypoints done delay (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true <delay> seconds after the specified ship has
    completed flying the specified waypoint path.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 3 or 4 arguments...
    1: Name of ship we are checking.
    2: Waypoint path we want to check if ship has flown.
    3: Time delay in seconds (see above).
    4: How many times the ship has completed the waypoint path
    (optional).
*is-nav-visited*
    is-nav-visited
    Returns true when the player has visited the given navpoint (Has
    closed to within 1000m of it). Takes 1 argument...
    1: The name of the navpoint
*ship-type-destroyed*
    Ship Type Destroyed (Boolean operator)
    Becomes true when the specified percentage of ship types in this
    mission (including ships not yet in-mission) have been
    destroyed. The ship type is a generic type such as fighter/
    bomber, transport, etc. Fighters and bombers count as the same
    type.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Percentage of ships that must be destroyed.
    2: Ship type to check for.
*percent-ships-destroyed*
    percent-ships-destroyed
    Boolean function which returns true if the percentage of ships
    in the listed ships and wings which have been destroyed is
    greater than or equal to the given percentage. For wings, all
    ships of all waves are used for calculation for the total
    possible ships to be destroyed. Listed ships and wings yet to
    arrive are included in the total from which the percentage is
    calculated.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Percentage of destroyed ships at which this function will
    return true.
    2+: List of ships/wings whose destroyed status should be determined.
*percent-ships-disabled*
    percent-ships-disabled
    Boolean function which returns true if the percentage of ships
    in the listed ships which have been disabled is greater than or
    equal to the given percentage. Wings cannot be checked with this
    function; any ships that are part of wings must be listed
    explicitly. Listed ships yet to arrive are included in the total
    from which the percentage is calculated.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Percentage of disabled ships at which this function will
    return true.
    2+: List of ships whose disabled status should be determined.
*percent-ships-disarmed*
    percent-ships-disarmed
    Boolean function which returns true if the percentage of ships
    in the listed ships which have been disarmed is greater than or
    equal to the given percentage. Wings cannot be checked with this
    function; any ships that are part of wings must be listed
    explicitly. Listed ships yet to arrive are included in the total
    from which the percentage is calculated.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Percentage of disarmed ships at which this function will
    return true.
    2+: List of ships whose disarmed status should be determined.
*percent-ships-departed*
    percent-ships-departed
    Boolean function which returns true if the percentage of ships
    in the listed ships and wings which have departed is greater
    than or equal to the given percentage. For wings, all ships of
    all waves are used for calculation for the total possible ships
    to depart. Listed ships and wings yet to arrive are included in
    the total from which the percentage is calculated.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Percentage of departed ships at which this function will
    return true.
    2+: List of ships/wings whose departure status should be determined.
*percent-ships-arrived*
    percent-ships-arrived
    Boolean function which returns true if the percentage of ships
    in the listed ships and wings which have arrived is greater than
    or equal to the given percentage. For wings, all ships of all
    waves are used for calculation for the total possible ships to
    arrive.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Percentage of arrived ships at which this function will
    return true.
    2+: List of ships/wings whose arrival status should be determined.
*percent-ships-scanned*
    percent-ships-scanned
    Boolean function which returns true if the percentage of ships
    in the listed ships which have been scanned (or cargo revealed)
    is greater than or equal to the given percentage. Wings cannot
    be checked with this function; any ships that are part of wings
    must be listed explicitly. Listed ships yet to arrive are
    included in the total from which the percentage is calculated.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Percentage of scanned ships at which this function will
    return true.
    2+: List of ships whose scanned status should be determined.
*depart-node-delay*
    depart-node-delay
    Returns true N seconds after the listed ships depart, if those
    ships depart within the radius of the given jump node. The delay
    value is given in seconds.

    Takes 3 or more arguments...r
    1: Delay in seconds after the last ship listed departed before
    this expression can return true.
    2: Name of a jump node
    3+: List of ships to check for departure within radius of the
    jump node.
*destroyed-or-departed-delay*
    destroyed-or-departed-delay
    Returns true N seconds after all the listed ships or wings have
    been destroyed or have departed.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Delay in seconds after the last ship/wing is destroyed or
    departed before this expression can return true.
    2+: Name of a ship or wing