  Player

*was-promotion-granted*
    Was promotion granted (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if a promotion was granted via the 'Grant
    promotion' operator in the mission.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes no arguments.
*was-medal-granted*
    Was medal granted (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if a medal was granted via via the 'Grant
    medal' operator in the mission. If you provide the optional
    argument to this operator, then true is only returned if the
    specified medal was granted.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 0 or 1 arguments...
    1: Name of medal to specifically check for (optional).
*skill-level-at-least*
    Skill level at least (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if the player has selected the given skill
    level or higher.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of the skill level to check.
*num_kills*
    num-kills
    Returns the # of kills a player has. The ship specified in
    the first field should be the ship the player is in.
    So, for single player, this would be Alpha 1. For
    multiplayer, it can be any ship with a player in it. If, at any
    time there is no player in a given ship, this sexpression
    will return 0
*num_assists*
    num-assists
    Returns the # of assists a player has. The ship specified in
    the first field should be the ship the player is in.
    So, for single player, this would be Alpha 1. For
    multiplayer, it can be any ship with a player in it. If, at any
    time there is no player in a given ship, this sexpression
    will return 0
*num_type_kills*
    num-type-kills
    Returns the # of kills a player has on a given ship type
    (fighter, bomber, cruiser, etc).
    The ship specified in the first field should be the ship the
    player is in.
    So, for single player, this would be Alpha 1. For
    multiplayer, it can be any ship with a player in it. If, at any
    time there is no player in a given ship, this sexpression
    will return 0
*num_class_kills*
    num-class-kills
    Returns the # of kills a player has on a specific ship class
    (Ulysses, Hercules, etc).
    The ship specified in the first field should be the ship the
    player is in.
    So, for single player, this would be Alpha 1. For
    multiplayer, it can be any ship with a player in it. If, at any
    time there is no player in a given ship, this sexpression
    will return 0
*ship_score*
    ship-score
    Returns the score a player has. The ship specified in the
    first field should be the ship the player is in.
    So, for single player, this would be Alpha 1. For
    multiplayer, it can be any ship with a player in it. If, at any
    time there is no player in a given ship, this sexpression
    will return 0
*time-elapsed-last-order*
    Last order time (Status operator)
    Returns true if <count> seconds have elapsed since one or
    more ships have received a meaningful order from the player.
    A meaningful order is currently any order that is not the
    warp out order.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Time in seconds that must elapse.
    Rest: Name of ship (must be in-mission) or wing (does not
    need to be in-mission) to check for having received orders.
*player-is-cheating*
    player-is-cheating
    Returns true if the player is or has been cheating in this
    mission.
*is-language*
    is-language
    Returns whether the game is running in the specified
    language. Takes 1 argument...
    1: A language. This can be any string; the SEXP will return
    true if and only if the string matches the current language.
    Builtin languages are English, German, French, and Polish,
    and others can be defined in strings.tbl.
*used-cheat*
    used-cheat
    Returns true if the given cheat has been used during this
    mission and there has not been another cheat used since.
    Takes 1 argument.
    1: A cheat string. This can be any string; the SEXP will
    return true if and only if the string matches the last cheat
    used. All original FS2 cheats are supported, and more can be
    defined in the cheats.tbl file.
