  Ship Status

*protect-ship*
    Protect ship (Action operator)
    Protects a ship from being attacked by any enemy ship. Any
    ship that is protected will not come under enemy fire.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ship(s) to protect (ship does not need to be
    in-mission).
*unprotect-ship*
    Unprotect ship (Action operator)
    Unprotects a ship from being attacked by any enemy ship. Any
    ship that is not protected can come under enemy fire. This
    function is the opposite of protect-ship.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ship(s) to unprotect (ship does not need to be
    in-mission).
*beam-protect-ship*
    Beam Protect ship (Action operator)
    Protects a ship from being attacked with beam weapon. Any
    ship that is beam protected will not come under enemy beam
    fire.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ship(s) to protect (ship does not need to be
    in-mission).
*beam-unprotect-ship*
    Beam Unprotect ship (Action operator)
    Unprotects a ship from being attacked with beam weapon. Any
    ship that is not beam protected can come under enemy beam
    fire. This function is the opposite of beam-protect-ship.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ship(s) to unprotect (ship does not need to be
    in-mission).
*turret-protect-ship*
    Turret Protect ship (Action operator)
    Protects a ship from being attacked with a turret weapon of
    a given type. Any ship that is turret protected will not
    come under enemy fire from that type of turret, though it
    may come under fire by other turrets.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Type of turret (currently supported types are "beam",
    "flak", "laser", and "missile")
    Rest: Name of ship(s) to protect (ship does not need to be
    in-mission).
*turret-unprotect-ship*
    Turret Unprotect ship (Action operator)
    Unprotects a ship from being attacked with a turret weapon
    of a given type. Any ship that is not turret protected can
    come under enemy fire from that type of turret. This
    function is the opposite of turret-protect-ship.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Type of turret (currently supported types are "beam",
    "flak", "laser", and "missile")
    Rest: Name of ship(s) to unprotect (ship does not need to be
    in-mission).
*ship-invisible*
    ship-invisible
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to be invisible
    to player sensors.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to make invisible to sensors (ships do not
    need to be in-mission).
*ship-visible*
    ship-visible
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to be visible
    with player sensors.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to make visible to sensors (ships do not
    need to be in-mission).
*ship-stealthy*
    ship-stealthy
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to become
    stealth ships (i.e. invisible to radar).

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ships to make stealthy (ships do not need to be
    in-mission).
*ship-unstealthy*
    ship-unstealthy
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to become non-
    stealth ships (i.e. visible to radar).

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ships to make non-stealthy (ships do not need
    to be in-mission).
*friendly-stealth-invisible*
    friendly-stealth-invisible
    Causes the friendly ships listed in this sexpression to be
    invisible to radar, just like hostile stealth ships.It
    doesn't matter if the ship is friendly at the time this sexp
    executes: as long as it is a stealth ship, it willbe
    invisible to radar both as hostile and as friendly.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ships (ships do not need to be in-mission)
*friendly-stealth-visible*
    friendly-stealth-visible
    Causes the friendly ships listed in this sexpression to
    resume their normal behavior of being visible to radar
    asstealth friendlies. Does not affect their visibility as
    stealth hostiles.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ships (ships do not need to be in-mission)
*primitive-sensors-set-range*
    primitive-sensors-set-range
    Sets the range of the primitive sensors on a ship. Ships
    outside of this range will not appear on sensors. Has no
    effect on ships that do not have the "primitive-sensors"
    flag2 set. Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Ship on which to set range (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Range, in meters
*ship-targetable-as-bomb*
    ship-targetable-as-bomb
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to be targetable
    with bomb targeting key.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to make targetable with bomb targeting key
    (ships do not need to be in-mission).
*ship-untargetable-as-bomb*
    ship-untargetable-as-bomb
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to not be
    targetable with bomb targeting key.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to make nontargetable with bomb targeting
    key (ships do not need to be in-mission).
*kamikaze*
    kamikaze
    Tells ships to perform a kamikaze on its current target.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Damage dealt when kamikaze is done
    Rest: Names of ships to perform kamikaze (ships do not need
    to be in-mission)
*change-iff*
    Change IFF (Action operator)
    Sets the specified ship(s) or wing(s) or all ships of a team
    to the specified team.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Team to change to ("friendly", "hostile" or "unknown").
    Rest: Name of ship, wing, or team to change team status of
    (ship/wing does not need to be in-mission).
*change-iff-color*
    Change IFF Color (Action operator)
    Sets the specified ship(s) or wing(s) apparent color.
    Takes 6 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the team from which target is observed from.
    2: Name of the team of the observed target to receive the
    alternate color.
    3: Red color (value from 0 to 255).
    4: Green color (value from 0 to 255).
    5: Blue color (value from 0 to 255).
    Rest: Name of ship or wing to change team status of (ship/
    wing does not need to be in-mission).
*add-remove-escort*
    add-remove-escort
    Adds or removes a ship from an escort list.
    1: Ship to be added or removed (ship must be in-mission)
    2: 0 to remove from the list, any positive value will be
    used as the escort priority
    NOTE : it _IS_ safe to add a ship which may already be on
    the list or remove
    a ship which is not on the list
*ship-change-alt-name*
    ship-change-alt-name
    Changes the alternate ship class name displayed in the HUD
    target window. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: The ship class name to display
    Rest: The ships to display the new class name (ships do not
    need to be in-mission)
*ship-change-callsign*
    ship-change-callsign
    Changes the callsign of a ship. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: The callsign to display or empty to remove
    Rest: The ships to display the new callsign (ships do not
    need to be in-mission)
*ship-tag*
    ship-tag
    Tags a ship. Takes 3 or 8 arguments...
    1: The name of a ship (ship must be in-mission).
    2: The tag level (currently 1, 2, or 3).
    3: The tag time (in seconds).
    4: A SSM missile (optional - used only for TAG-C).
    5: The X origin of the SSM missile (optional - used only for
    TAG-C).
    6: The Y origin of the SSM missile (optional - used only for
    TAG-C).
    7: The Z origin of the SSM missile (optional - used only for
    TAG-C).
    8: The team the SSM missile belongs to (optional - used only
    for TAG-C).
*ship-untag*
    ship-untag
    Untags a ship. Takes 1 argument...
    1: The name of a ship (ship must be in-mission).
*set-arrival-info*
    set-arrival-info
    Sets arrival information for a ship or wing. Takes 2 to 8
    arguments...
    1: Ship or wing name
    2: Arrival location
    3: Arrival anchor (optional; only required for certain
    locations)
    4: Arrival path mask (optional; this is a bitfield where the
    bits set to 1 correspond to the paths to use; defaults to 0
    which is a special case that means all paths can be used)
    5: Arrival distance (optional; defaults to 0)
    6: Arrival delay (optional; defaults to 0)
    7: Whether to show a jump effect if arriving from subspace
    (optional; defaults to true)
    8: Whether to adjust the size of the jump effect if the ship
    is docked (optional; defaults to true)
*set-departure-info*
    set-departure-info
    Sets departure information for a ship or wing. Takes 2 to 7
    arguments...
    1: Ship or wing name (ship/wing does not need to be in-mission)
    2: Departure location
    3: Departure anchor (optional; only required for certain
    locations)
    4: Departure path mask (optional; this is a bitfield where
    the bits set to 1 correspond to the paths to use; defaults
    to 0 which is a special case that means all paths can be used)
    5: Departure delay (optional; defaults to 0)
    6: Whether to show a jump effect if departing to subspace
    (optional; defaults to true)
    7: Whether to adjust the size of the jump effect if the ship
    is docked (optional; defaults to true)
*alter-ship-flag*
    alter-ship-flag
    Sets or unsets a ship's flag, object flag, parse flag, or AI
    flag.

    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Ship flag name
    2: True if turning on, false if turning off
    3: True/False - Apply this flag to future waves of this
    wing. Apply to ship if not present
    Rest: (optional) Name of ships, wings, or entire teams. If
    not supplied, will work on all ships in the mission

*alter-wing-flag*
    alter-wing-flag
    Sets or unsets a wing's flag.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Wing flag name
    2: True if turning on, false if turning off
    Rest: (optional) Name of wings. If not supplied, will work
    on all wings in the mission

*cancel-future-waves*
    cancel-future-waves
    Cancel all waves of a wing which have not yet arrived. Waves
    that have arrived already are not affected. is-destroyed-
    delay, ship-type-destroyed, and similar operators behave as
    though the cancelled waves do not exist.

    If this operator is called on a wing which has not arrived,
    the wing will never arrive, exactly as if its arrival cue
    were set to false. That wing is not marked as destroyed.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: The name of a wing to cancel.
