  Ship Status

*is-in-mission*
    Is-In-Mission (Status operator)
    Checks whether a given ship or wing is presently in the
    mission. This sexp doesn't check the arrival list or exited
    status; it only tests to see if the ship is active or the
    wing has at least one ship present. This means that
    internally the sexp only returns SEXP_TRUE or SEXP_FALSE and
    does not use any of the special shortcut values. This is
    useful for ships created with ship-create, as those ships
    will not have used the conventional ship arrival list.

    Takes 1 or more string arguments, which are checked against
    the ship list and wing list. (If more than 1 argument is
    specified, the sexp will only evaluate to true if all
    arguments are in the mission simultaneously.)
*is-docked*
    Is-Docked (Status operator)
    Checks whether the specified ships are currently docked.
    This sexp is different from has-docked-delay, which will
    return true if the ships have docked at any point in the
    past. The has-docked-delay sexp checks the mission log,
    whereas the is-docked sexp examines the actual dockpoints.

    Takes 1 or more arguments. (If more than 2 arguments are
    specified, the sexp will only evaluate to true if all ships
    are docked simultaneously.)
    If a single argument is supplied, the sexp will evaluate to
    true if anything is docked to the host ship. (Evaluation
    returns NAN until all ships are in-mission).
    1: The host ship.
    Rest: Ship to check as docked to the host ship.
*is-ship-visible*
    is-ship-visible
    Check whether ship is visible on a certain ship's radar.
    Returns 0 - not visible, 1 - partially visible, 2 - fully
    visible.
    Note: In multiplayer, the second argument *must* be supplied
    or this SEXP will default to the first player.
    Takes 1 or 2 arguments...
    1: Name of ship to check
    2 (optional): Name of the viewing ship. Defaults to the
    player's ship in single-player mode. If this ship is not in-
    mission, the SEXP will return 0.
*is-ship-stealthy*
    is-ship-stealthy
    Check whether ship is currently stealthy.
    True if stealth flag set, false otherwise. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship to check
*is-friendly-stealth-visible*
    is-friendly-stealth-visible
    Check whether ship will be visible to radar as a stealth
    friendly.
    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship to check
*is-iff*
    Is IFF (Boolean operator)
    True if ship(s) or wing(s) are all of the specified team/IFF.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Team (e.g. "friendly", "hostile", "neutral", "unknown").
    Rest: Name of ship or wing to check (ship/wing does not need
    to be in-mission).
*is-species*
    Is Species (Boolean operator)
    True if ship(s) or wing(s) are all of the specified species.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Species (e.g. "Terran", "Vasudan", "Shivan").
    Rest: Name of ship or wing to check (ship/wing does not need
    to be in-mission).
*is-ai-class*
    Is AI Class (Boolean operator)
    True if ship or ship subsystem(s) is/are all of the
    specified AI class.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: AI class ("None", "Coward", "Lieutenant", etc.)
    2: Name of ship to check (evaluation returns NAN until ship
    is in-mission).
    Rest: Name of ship subsystem(s) to check (optional)
*is-ship-type*
    Is Ship Type (Boolean operator)
    True if ship or ships is/are all of the specified ship type.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Ship type ("fighter", "bomber", etc.)
    2: Name of ship to check (ship/wing does not need to be in-
    mission) .
*is-ship-class*
    Is Ship Class (Boolean operator)
    True if ship or ships is/are all of the specified ship class.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Ship class
    2: Name of ship to check (ship/wing does not need to be in-
    mission) .
*is-facing*
    Is Facing (Boolean training operator)
    Is true as long as the second object is within the first
    ship's specified forward cone. A forward cone is defined as
    any point that the angle between the vector of the ship and
    point, and the forward facing vector is within the given
    angle. If the distance between the two is greater than the
    fourth parameter, this will return false.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 3 or 4 argument...
    1: Ship to check from.
    2: Object to check is within forward cone.
    3: Angle in degrees of the forward cone.
    4: Range in meters (optional).
*is_tagged*
    is-tagged
    Returns whether a given ship is tagged or not (evaluation
    returns NAN until ship is in-mission)
*has-been-tagged-delay*
    Has ship been tagged (delay) (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if all of the specified ships have been tagged.

    Returns a boolean value after <delay> seconds when all ships
    have been tagged. (Event evaluation is deferred until the
    ships are in-mission). Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Delay in seconds after which sexpression will return true
    when all ships have been tagged.
    Rest: Names of ships to check if tagged.
*are-ship-flags-set*
    Are ship flags set (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if all of the specified flags have been set for
    this particular ship.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the ship (ship does not have to be in-mission).
    Rest: Ship, object, parse object, or ai flags which might be
    set for this ship.
*are-wing-flags-set*
    Are wing flags set (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if all of the specified flags have been set for
    this particular wing.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the wing (wing does not have to be in-mission).
    Rest: Wing flags which might be set for this wing.
*has-armor-type*
    has-armor-type (Status operator)
    Checks if a given ship has a specific armor type.

    Takes 3 arguments...
    1: The ship to check (evaluation returns NAN until ship is
    in-mission)
    2: The armor type to check
    3: The subsystem armor to check
*is-ship-emp-active*
    Is ship emp active (Boolean operator)
    Returns true if all of the specified ships are currently
    experiencing EMP effects.

    Returns a boolean value if all ships are currently EMP'd.
    (Evaluation is deferred until all ships are in-mission).
    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of the ships to check.
*get-throttle-speed*
    Get-Throttle-Speed (Training operator)
    Returns the current throttle speed that the ship has been
    set to. Reverse speeds are returned as a negative value.
    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of the player ship to check the throttle value for.
*current-speed*
    current-speed
    Returns the speed of the given object. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of the object
*is-nav-linked*
    is-nav-linked
    Determines if a ship is linked for autopilot ("set-nav-
    carry" or "set-nav-needslink" + linked)Takes 1 argument...
    1: Ship to check (evaluation returns NAN until ship is in-
    mission)
