  Subsystems and Health

*ship-invulnerable*
    ship-invulnerable
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to be
    invulnerable to weapons. Use with caution!!!!

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to make invulnerable to weapons (ships do
    not need to be in-mission).
*ship-vulnerable*
    ship-vulnerable
    Causes the ship listed in this sexpression to be vulnerable
    to weapons.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to make vulnerable to weapons (ships do
    not need to be in-mission).
*ship-guardian*
    ship-guardian
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to not take any
    damage below 1% of hull strength. As such, the ship will not
    be killable by weapons. Use with caution!!!!

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to make unkillable (ships do not need to
    be in-mission).
*ship-no-guardian*
    ship-no-guardian
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to be killable
    by weapons, if not invulnerable.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to make killable (ships do not need to be
    in-mission).
*ship-guardian-threshold*
    ship-guardian-threshold
    Same as ship-guardian, except the lowest possible hull value
    (as a percentage) is specified by the sexp rather than
    defaulting to 1.
    Call with a threshold of 0 (or use ship-no-guardian) to
    deactivate.

    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Threshold value.
    2+: Name of ships to make unkillable (ships must be in-mission).
*ship-subsys-guardian-threshold*
    ship-subsys-guardian-threshold
    Same as ship-guardian-threshold, but works on subsystems.
    Call with a threshold of 0 to deactivate.

    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Threshold value.
    2: Ship housing the subsystem(s) (ships must be in-mission).
    3+: Subsystems to make unkillable.
*self-destruct*
    Self destruct (Action operator)
    Causes the specified ship(s) to self destruct.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Name of ship to self destruct (ship must be in-mission).
*destroy-instantly*
    destroy-instantly
    Self-destructs the named ship without explosion, death roll,
    or debris. That is, the ship is instantly gone from the
    mission and the only indication of what happened is a
    mission log entry.
    Non-player ship only!
    All: List of ship names to destroy.
*destroy-instantly-with-debris*
    destroy-instantly-with-debris
    Like destroy-instantly, but only spawns debris. No
    explosions, no sound, no deathroll.
    Non-player ship only!
    All: List of ship names to destroy.
*destroy-subsys-instantly*
    destroy-subsys-instantly
    Destroys the specified subsystems without effects.Takes 2 or
    more arguments...
    1: Name of ship subsystem is on (ship must be in-mission).
    Rest: Name of subsystem to destroy.
*sabotage-subsystem*
    Sabotage subystem (Action operator)
    Reduces the specified subsystem integrity by the specified
    percentage.If the percntage strength of the subsystem (after
    completion) is less than 0%,subsystem strength is set to 0%.

    Takes 3 arguments...
    1: Name of ship subsystem is on (ship must be in-mission).
    2: Name of subsystem to sabotage.
    3: Percentage to reduce subsystem integrity by.
*repair-subsystem*
    Repair Subystem (Action operator)
    Increases the specified subsystem integrity by the specified
    percentage.If the percentage strength of the subsystem
    (after completion) is greater than 100%,subsystem strength
    is set to 100%.

    Takes 3 to 5 arguments...
    1: Name of ship subsystem is on (ship must be in-mission).
    2: Name of subsystem to repair.
    3: Percentage to increase subsystem integrity by.
    4: Repair submodel if it exists. Optional argument that
    defaults to true.
    5: If we are repairing submodels and an ancestor submodel
    was totally destroyed, repair that too. Optional argument
    that defaults to true.
*ship-copy-damage*
    ship-copy-damage
    Copies the damage (hull, shields, and subsystems) from the
    first ship in the list to the rest. The initial ship must be
    currently present in the mission, but the target ships may
    be either in-mission or on the arrival list. Takes 2 or more
    arguments...
    1: The name of the ship that supplies the damage stats
    Rest: The list of ships to be modified
*set-subsystem-strength*
    Set Subsystem Strength (Action operator)
    Sets the specified subsystem to the the specified
    percentage.If the percentage specified is < 0, strength is
    set to 0. If the percentage is > 100 % the subsystem
    strength is set to 100%.

    Takes 3 to 5 arguments...
    1: Name of ship subsystem is on (ship must be in-mission).
    2: Name of subsystem to set strength.
    3: Percentage to set subsystem integrity to.
    4: Repair submodel if it exists. Optional argument that
    defaults to true.
    5: If we are repairing submodels and an ancestor submodel
    was totally destroyed, repair that too. Optional argument
    that defaults to true.
*subsys-set-random*
    subsys-set-random
    Sets ship subsystem strength in a given range
    1: Ship name (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Low range
    3: High range
    4: List of subsys names not to be randomized
*lock-rotating-subsystem*
    lock-rotating-subsystem
    Instantaneously locks a rotating subsystem so that it cannot
    rotate unless freed by free-rotating-subsystem. Takes 2 or
    more arguments...
    1: Name of the ship housing the subsystem (ship must be in-
    mission)
    Rest: Name of the rotating subsystem to lock
*free-rotating-subsystem*
    free-rotating-subsystem
    Instantaneously frees a rotating subsystem previously locked
    by lock-rotating-subsystem. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the ship housing the subsystem (ship must be in-
    mission)
    Rest: Name of the rotating subsystem to free
*reverse-rotating-subsystem*
    reverse-rotating-subsystem
    Instantaneously reverses the rotation direction of a
    rotating subsystem. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the ship housing the subsystem (ship must be in-
    mission)
    Rest: Name of the rotating subsystem to reverse
*rotating-subsys-set-turn-time*
    rotating-subsys-set-turn-time
    Sets the turn time of a rotating subsystem. Takes 3 or 4
    arguments...
    1: Name of the ship housing the subsystem (ship must be in-
    mission)
    2: Name of the rotating subsystem to configure
    3: The time for one complete rotation, in milliseconds -
    positive is counterclockwise, negative is clockwise
    4: The acceleration (x1000, just as #3 is seconds x1000) to
    change from the current turn rate to the desired turn rate.
    This is actually the time to complete one rotation that
    changes in one second, or the reciprocal of what you might
    expect, meaning that larger numbers cause slower
    acceleration. (FS2 defaults to 2pi/0.5, or about 12.566,
    which would be 12566 in this sexp.) The advantage of this
    method is so that this argument can be directly compared to
    the previous argument using a ratio, without worrying about
    pi. Omit this argument if you want an instantaneous change.
*lock-translating-subsystem*
    lock-translating-subsystem
    Instantaneously locks a translating subsystem so that it
    cannot translate unless freed by free-translating-subsystem.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the ship housing the subsystem (ship must be in-
    mission)
    Rest: Name of the translating subsystem to lock
*free-translating-subsystem*
    free-translating-subsystem
    Instantaneously frees a translating subsystem previously
    locked by lock-translating-subsystem. Takes 2 or more
    arguments...
    1: Name of the ship housing the subsystem (ship must be in-
    mission)
    Rest: Name of the translating subsystem to free
*reverse-translating-subsystem*
    reverse-translating-subsystem
    Instantaneously reverses the translation direction of a
    translating subsystem. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of the ship housing the subsystem (ship must be in-
    mission)
    Rest: Name of the translating subsystem to reverse
*translating-subsys-set-speed*
    translating-subsys-set-speed
    Sets the speed (movement rate) of a translating subsystem.
    Takes 3 or 4 arguments...
    1: Name of the ship housing the subsystem (ship must be in-
    mission)
    2: Name of the translating subsystem to configure
    3: The movement rate, in millimeters per second (i.e. one
    thousand times the speed in m/s) - positive is along the
    vector of the translation axis
    4: The acceleration (x1000, just as #3 is m/s x1000) to
    change from the current movement rate to the desired
    movement rate. Omit this argument if you want an
    instantaneous change.
*trigger-submodel-animation*
    trigger-submodel-animation
    Activates a submodel animation trigger for a given ship.
    Takes 4 to 6 arguments...
    1: The ship on which the animation should run (ship must be
    in-mission)
    2: The type of animation (named as one would see them in
    ships.tbl)
    3: The subtype of animation, which is type-dependent. For
    docking animations this is the dock index.
    4: The animation direction: 1 for forward, or -1 for reverse
    5: (Optional) Whether the animation should instantly snap to
    its final position
    6: (Optional) A subsystem, if the animation should trigger
    on only a specific subsystem as opposed to all applicable
    subsystems
*change-subsystem-name*
    change-subsystem-name
    Changes the name of the specified subsystem on the specified
    ship
    Takes 3 or more arguments
    1: Name of the ship.
    2: New name for the subsystem (names larger than the maximum
    display size will be truncated
    3: Name(s) of subsystem(s) to rename (ship must be in-mission)
*ship-subsys-targetable*
    ship-subsys-targetable
    Causes the specified ship subsystem(s) to be targetable on
    radar.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of a ship (ship must be in-mission)
    Rest: Name of the ship's subsystem(s)
*ship-subsys-untargetable*
    ship-subsys-untargetable
    Causes the specified ship subsystem(s) to not be targetable
    on radar.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of a ship (ship must be in-mission)
    Rest: Name of the ship's subsystem(s)
*ship-subsys-no-replace*
    ship-subsys-no-replace
    Causes the -destroyed version of specified ship subsystem(s)
    to not render when it's destroyed.
    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Name of a ship (ship must be in-mission)
    2: True = Do not render or False = render if exists
    Rest: Name of the ship's subsystem(s) Note: If subsystem is
    already dead it will vanish or reappear out of thin air
*ship-subsys-no-live-debris*
    ship-subsys-no-live-debris
    Causes the specified ship subsystem(s) to not render live
    debris when it's destroyed.
    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Name of a ship (ship must be in-mission)
    2: True = Do not render or False = render if exists
    Rest: Name of the ship's subsystem(s)
*ship-subsys-vanish*
    ship-subsys-vanish
    Causes the subsystem to vanish without a trace - no fanfare,
    notification, or special effects. See also ship-vanish.
    Single Player Only! Warning: This will cause subsystem
    destruction not to be logged, so 'has-departed', etc. will
    not work
    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Name of a ship (ship must be in-mission)
    2: True = vanish or False = don't vanish
    Rest: Name of the ship's subsystem(s) Note: Useful for
    replacing subsystems with actual docked models.
*ship-subsys-ignore_if_dead*
    ship-subsys-ignore-if-dead
    Causes secondary weapons to ignore dead ship subsystem(s)and
    home on hull instead.
    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: Name of a ship (ship must be in-mission)
    2: True = Ignore dead or False = don't ignore
    Rest: Name of the ship's subsystem(s)
*awacs-set-radius*
    awacs-set-radius
    Sets the awacs radius for a given ship subsystem. NOTE :
    does not work properly in multiplayer
    1: Ship which has the awacs subsystem (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Awacs subsystem
    3: New radius
