Time

*time-ship-destroyed*
    Time ship destroyed (Time operator)
    Returns the time the specified ship was destroyed (evaluation
    returns NAN until then). Departed doesn't count as destroyed.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship we want to check.
*time-ship-arrived*
    Time ship arrived (Time operator)
    Returns the time the specified ship arrived into the mission.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship we want to check.
*time-ship-departed*
    Time ship departed (Time operator)
    Returns the time the specified ship departed the mission
    (evaluation returns NAN until then). Destroyed doesn't count as
    departed.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship we want to check.
*time-wing-destroyed*
    Time wing destroyed (Time operator)
    Returns the time the specified wing was destroyed. This will
    return NAN until all the ships in the wing have been destroyed.
    If any have departed, the wing can never be considered destroyed.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of wing we want to check.
*time-wing-arrived*
    Time wing arrived (Time operator)
    Returns the time the specified wing arrived into the mission.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of wing we want to check.
*time-wing-departed*
    Time wing departed (Time operator)
    Returns the time the specified wing departed the mission. This
    will return NAN until all the ships in the wing have departed.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of wing we want to check.
*mission-time*
    Mission time (Time operator)
    Returns the current time into the mission.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes no arguments.
*mission-time-msecs*
    Mission time, in milliseconds (Time operator)
    Returns the current time into the mission, in milliseconds.
    Useful for more fine-grained timing than possible with normal
    second-based sexps. (Tip: when an event occurs, assign the
    result of mission-time-msecs to a variable. Then, in another
    event, wait until mission-time-msecs is greater than the value
    of that variable plus some delay amount. This second event
    should be chained or coupled with additional conditions so that
    it doesn't accidentally fire on an uninitialized variable!)

    Returns a numeric value. Takes no arguments.
*time-docked*
    Time docked (Time operator)
    Returns the time the specified ships docked.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 3 arguments...
    1: The name of the docker ship.
    2: The name of the dockee ship.
    3: The number of times they must have docked to be true.
*time-undocked*
    Time undocked (Time operator)
    Returns the time the specified ships undocked.

    Returns a numeric value. Takes 3 arguments...
    1: The name of the docker ship.
    2: The name of the dockee ship.
    3: The number of times they must have undocked to be true.
*time-to-goal*
    Time-to-goal (Time operator)
    Returns the number of seconds until a ship reaches its waypoint

    Returns a number value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of ship to check waypoint time (evaluation returns NAN
    until ship is in-mission).
*set-hud-timer-padding*
    Set HUD Timer Padding (Action operator)
    Sets an additional padding that is added only to the visible
    clock on the HUD. It does not affect the actual mission time or
    the mission log! Time is an illusion and the illusion here
    exists only on the HUD.

    Takes 1 argument...
    1: The amount of time to add to the clock in seconds.