Training

*key-pressed*
    Key-pressed (Boolean training operator)
    Becomes true when the specified default key has been pressed.
    Default key refers to the what the key normally is when not
    remapped. FreeSpace will automatically account for any keys that
    have been remapped. If the optional delay is specified, becomes
    true that many seconds after the key has been pressed.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 1 or 2 arguments...
    1: Default key to check for.
    2: Delay before operator registers as true (optional).
*key-reset*
    Key-reset (Training operator)
    Marks the specified default key as having not been pressed, so
    key-pressed will be false until the player presses it again. See
    key-pressed help for more information about what a default key is.

    Note that this sexp will only fire once when used in a repeating
    event, which may not be what you want. Use key-reset-multiple if
    a key should be reset each time the event repeats.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Default key to reset.
*key-reset-multiple*
    Key-reset-multiple (Training operator)
    Marks the specified default key as having not been pressed, so
    key-pressed will be false until the player presses it again. See
    key-pressed help for more information about what a default key is.

    Note that this sexp will fire every time an event repeats. If
    you only want a key to be reset once regardless of how many
    times the event repeats, use key-reset.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: Default key to reset.
*ignore-key*
    ignore-key
    Causes the game to ignore (or stop ignoring) a certain key.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Number of times to ignore this key (-1 = forever, 0 = stop
    ignoring).
    Rest: Which key(s) to ignore.
*targeted*
    Targeted (Boolean training operator)
    Is true as long as the player has the specified ship (or ship's
    subsystem) targeted, or has been targeted for the specified
    amount of time.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 1 to 3 arguments (first required,
    rest optional):
    1: Name of ship to check if targeted by player.
    2: Length of time target should have been kept for (optional).
    3: Name of subsystem on ship to check if targeted (optional).
*node-targeted*
    Node-Targeted (Boolean training operator)
    Is true as long as the player has the specified jump node
    targeted, or has been targeted for the specified amount of time.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 1 to 2 arguments (first required,
    rest optional):
    1: Name of Jump Node to check if targeted by player.
    2: Length of time target should have been kept for (optional).
*missile-locked*
    Missile-locked (Boolean training operator)
    Is true as long as the player has had a missile lock for the
    specified amount of time. Optional arguments require lock to be
    maintained on a specified ship (or ship's subsystem).

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 1 to 3 arguments (first required,
    rest optional):
    1: Length of time missile lock should have been kept for.
    2: Name of ship to check if locked onto by player (optional).
    3: Name of subsystem on ship to check if locked onto (optional).
*speed*
    Speed (Boolean training operator)
    Becomes true when the player has been within the specified speed
    range set by set-training-context-speed for the specified amount
    of time.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 1 argument...
    1: Time in seconds.
*facing*
    Facing (Boolean training operator)
    Is true as long as the specified ship is within the player's
    specified forward cone. A forward cone is defined as any point
    that the angle between the vector of the point and the player,
    and the forward facing vector is within the given angle.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 argument...
    1: Ship to check is within forward cone.
    2: Angle in degrees of the forward cone.
*facing-waypoint*
    Facing Waypoint(Boolean training operator)
    Is true as long as the specified first waypoint is within the
    player's specified forward cone. A forward cone is defined as
    any point that the angle between the vector of the point and the
    player, and the forward facing vector is within the given angle.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 argument...
    1: Name of waypoint path whose first point is within forward cone.
    2: Angle in degrees of the forward cone.
*order*
    Order (Boolean training operator)
    Deprecated - Use Query-Orders in any new mission.

    Becomes true when the player had given the specified ship or
    wing the specified order.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or 3 arguments...
    1: Name of ship or wing to check if given order to.
    2: Name of order to check if player has given.
    3: Name of the target of the order (optional).
*query-orders*
    Query-Orders (Boolean training operator)
    Becomes true when the player had given the specified ship or
    wing the specified order.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: Name of ship or wing to check if given order to.
    2: Name of order to check if player has given.
    3: Maximum length of time since order was given. Use 0 for any
    time in the mission.
    4: Name of the target of the order (optional).
    5: Name of player ship giving the order(optional).
    6: Name of the subsystem for Destroy Subsystem orders.(optional)
*reset-orders*
    Reset-Orders (Action training operator)
    Resets the list of orders the player has given.
    Takes no arguments.
*waypoint-missed*
    Waypoint-missed (Boolean training operator)
    Becomes true when a waypoint is flown, but the waypoint is ahead
    of the one they are supposed to be flying. The one they are
    supposed to be flying is the next one in sequence in the path
    after the last one they have hit.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes no arguments.
*waypoint-twice*
    Waypoint-twice (Boolean training operator)
    Becomes true when a waypoint is hit that is before the last one
    hit, which indicates they have flown a waypoint twice.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes no arguments.
*path-flown*
    Path-flown (Boolean training operator)
    Becomes true when all the waypoints in the path have been flown,
    in sequence.

    Returns a boolean value. Takes no arguments.
*training-msg*
    Training-msg (Action training operator)
    Sends the player a training message. Uses the same messages as
    normal messages, only they get displayed differently using this
    operator.

    Secondary messages are only used when an event has a repeat
    count greater than 1. If a secondary message is specified, it is
    sent on the last repeat iteration, while the primary message is
    sent all other times.

    Takes 1-4 arguments...
    1: Name of primary message to send.
    2: Name of secondary message to send (optional).
    3: Delay (in seconds) to wait before sending message. (optional)
    4: Amount of Time (in seconds) to display message (optional).
*flash-hud-gauge*
    Ai-flash hud gauge (Training goal)
    Causes the specified hud gauge to flash to draw the player's
    attention to it.

    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Name of hud gauge to flash.
*primaries-depleted*
    primaries-depleted
    Returns true if ship is out of primary weapons
    1: Ship name
*secondaries-depleted*
    secondaries-depleted
    Returns true if ship is out of secondary weapons
    1: Ship name
*special-check*
    Special-check
    Mike K.'s special training sexp. Returns a boolean value. Takes
    1 argument as follows:
    0: Ship "Freighter 1" is aspect locked by the player
    1: Player has fired Interceptor#Weak at Freighter 1
    2: Ship "Freighter 1", subsystem "Weapons" is aspect locked by
    the player
    3: Apply 10 points of damage to player's forward shields (action
    operator)
    4: Player's front shields are nearly gone
    5: Quickly recharge player's front shields (action operator)
    6: Reduce all shield quadrants except front to 0 (action operator)
    7: Front shield quadrant is near maximum strength
    8: Rear shield quadrant is near maximum strength
    9: Reduce left and right shield quadrants to 0 (action operator)
    10: Player has fewer than 8 missiles left
    11: Player has 8 or more missiles left
    12: Player has fewer than 4 missiles left
    13: Reduce front shield quadrant to 0 (action operator)
    100: Player is out of countermeasures
    2000: Training failed
*set-training-context-fly-path*
    Set-training-context-fly-path (Training context operator)
    Tells FreeSpace that the player is expected to fly a waypoint
    path. This must be executed before waypoint-missed, waypoint-
    twice and path-flown operators become valid.

    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Name of waypoint path player should fly.
    2: Distance away a player needs to be from a waypoint for it to
    be registered as flown.
*set-training-context-speed*
    Set-training-context-speed (Training context operator)
    Tells FreeSpace that the player is expected to fly within a
    certain speed range. Once this operator has been executed, you
    can measure how long they have been within this speed range with
    the speed operator.

    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Minimum speed of range player is to fly between.
    2: Maximum speed of range player is to fly between.
