  Variables

*modify-variable*
    Modify-variable (Misc. operator)
    Modifies variable to specified value

    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Name of Variable.
    2: Value to be set.
*get-variable-by-index*
    get-variable-by-index (originally variable-array-get)
    Gets the value of the variable specified by the given index.
    This is an alternate way to access variables rather than by
    their names, and it enables cool features such as arrays and
    pointers.

    Please note that only numeric variables are supported. Any
    attempt to access a string variable will result in a value
    of SEXP_NAN_FOREVER being returned.

    Takes 1 argument...
    1: Index of variable, from 0 to 249.
*set-variable-by-index*
    set-variable-by-index (originally variable-array-set)
    Sets the value of the variable specified by the given index.
    This is an alternate way to modify variables rather than by
    their names, and it enables cool features such as arrays and
    pointers.

    In contrast to get-variable-by-index, note that this sexp
    *does* allow the modification of string variables.

    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Index of variable, from 0 to 249.
    2: Value to be set.
*copy-variable-from-index*
    copy-variable-from-index
    Retrieves the value of the variable specified by the given
    index and stores it in another variable. This is very
    similar to get-variable-by-index, except the result is
    stored in a new variable rather than being returned by
    value. One important difference is that this sexp can be
    used to copy string variables as well as numeric variables.

    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Index of source variable, from 0 to 249.
    2: Destination variable. The type of this variable must
    match the type of the variable referenced by the index.
*copy-variable-between-indexes*
    copy-variable-between-indexes
    Retrieves the value of the variable specified by the first
    index and stores it in the variable specified by the second
    index. The first variable is not modified.

    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: Index of source variable, from 0 to 249.
    2: Index of destination variable, from 0 to 249. The types
    of both variables must match.
*int-to-string*
    int-to-string
    Converts an integer into a string. The destination must be a
    string variable.
    Takes 2 argument...
    1: Integer to convert
    2: String variable to contain the result
*string-concatenate*
    string-concatenate (deprecated in favor of string-
    concatenate-block)
    Concatenates two strings, putting the result into a string
    variable. If the length of the string will exceed the sexp
    variable token limit (31), it will be truncated.

    Takes 3 arguments...
    1: First string
    2: Second string
    3: String variable to hold the result
*string-concatenate-block*
    string-concatenate-block
    Concatenates two or more strings, putting the result into a
    string variable. If the length of the string will exceed the
    sexp variable token limit (31), it will be truncated.

    Takes 3 or more arguments...
    1: String variable to hold the result
    Rest: Strings to concatenate. At least two of these are
    required; the rest are optional.
*string-get-substring*
    string-get-substring
    Extracts a substring from a parent string, putting the
    result into a string variable. If the length of the string
    will exceed the sexp variable token limit (31), it will be
    truncated.

    Takes 3 arguments...
    1: Parent string
    2: Index at which the substring begins (0-based)
    3: Length of the substring
    4: String variable to hold the result
*string-set-substring*
    string-set-substring
    Replaces a substring from a parent string with a new string,
    putting the result into a string variable. If the length of
    the string will exceed the sexp variable token limit (31),
    it will be truncated.

    Takes 3 arguments...
    1: Parent string
    2: Index at which the substring begins (0-based)
    3: Length of the substring
    4: New substring (which can be a different length than the
    old substring)
    5: String variable to hold the result
*modify-variable-xstr*
    modify-variable-xstr
    Sets a variable to a localized string.

    Takes 3 arguments...
    1: Name of Variable.
    2: The default text if no localized version is available.
    3: The XSTR index. If set to -1 then the default value will
    be used
