  Weapons, Shields, and Engines

*set-weapon-energy*
    set-weapon-energy
    Sets the weapon energy for the specified ship(s)
    Takes 2 or more arguments
    1: percentage of maximum weapon energy.
    (rest): Name(s) of ship(s) (ship must be in-mission)
*set-shield-energy*
    set-shield-energy
    Sets the shield energy for the specified ship(s)
    Takes 2 or more arguments
    1: percentage of maximum shield energy.
    (rest): Name(s) of ship(s) (ship must be in-mission)
*set-player-throttle-speed*
    set-player-throttle-speed
    Sets a player's throttle to a percentage of their maximum
    speed.
    This SEXP has no effect if used on an AI ship, however it
    will still work on an AI-controlled player ship.
    Takes 2 arguments...
    1: The player ship to set the throttle of.
    2: The percentage of the player's maximum speed to set their
    throttle to.
    This is capped to either 0 or 100 if outside the valid range.
*set-afterburner-energy*
    set-afterburner-energy
    Sets the afterburner energy for the specified ship(s)
    Takes 2 or more arguments
    1: percentage of maximum afterburner energy.
    (rest): Name(s) of ship(s) (ship must be in-mission)
*set-subspace-drive*
    set-subspace-drive
    Turns on or off the subspace edrive for the given ships. A
    ship with no subspace drive will act as though it doesn't
    even occur to it to depart via subspace, and if ordered to
    do so, it will look for a friendly ship with a hangar bay.
    If the ship is the player, pressing Alt-J will not not
    initiate a jump, nor give any indication that a jump failed.
    Takes 2 or more arguments...
    1: True if the ship should have a drive; false otherwise
    Rest: List of ships (ships do not need to be in-mission)
*set-primary-weapon*
    set-primary-weapon
    Sets the weapon for the specified bank
    1: Ship name (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Bank to check (0, 1 and 2 are legal banks)
    3: Name of the primary weapon
    4: Number to set ammo of this bank to (If this is larger
    than the maximum, bank will be set to maximum)
    5: Rearm Limit. Support ships will only supply this number
    of weapons (If this is larger than the maximum, bank will be
    set to maximum)
*set-secondary-weapon*
    set-secondary-weapon
    Sets the weapon for the specified bank
    1: Ship name (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Bank to check (0, 1, 2 and 3 are legal banks)
    3: Name of the secondary weapon
    4: Number to set ammo of this bank to (If this is larger
    than the maximum, bank will be set to maximum)
    5: Rearm Limit. Support ships will only supply this number
    of weapons (If this is larger than the maximum, bank will be
    set to maximum)
*set-primary-ammo*
    set-primary-ammo
    Sets the amount of ammo for the specified ballistic bank
    1: Ship name (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Bank to check (0, 1, and 2 are legal banks)
    3: Number to set this bank to (If this is larger than the
    maximum, bank will be set to maximum).
    4: Rearm Limit. Support ships will only supply this number
    of weapons (If this is larger than the maximum, bank will be
    set to maximum)
*set-secondary-ammo*
    set-secondary-ammo
    Sets the amount of ammo for the specified bank
    1: Ship name (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Bank to check (0, 1, 2 and 3 are legal banks)
    3: Number to set this bank to (If this is larger than the
    maximum, bank will be set to maximum).
    4: Rearm Limit. Support ships will only supply this number
    of weapons (If this is larger than the maximum, bank will be
    set to maximum)
*set-num-countermeasures*
    set-num-countermeasures
    Sets the number of countermeasures the ship has
    Values greater than the maximum a ship can carry are set to
    the maximum
    1: Ship name (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Number to set
*lock-primary-weapon*
    lock-primary-weapon
    Locks the primary banks for the specified ship(s)
    Takes 1 or more arguments
    (all): Name(s) of ship(s) to lock (ships do not need to be
    in-mission)
*unlock-primary-weapon*
    unlock-primary-weapon
    Unlocks the primary banks for the specified ship(s)
    Takes 1 or more arguments
    (all): Name(s) of ship(s) to lock (ships do not need to be
    in-mission)
*lock-secondary-weapon*
    lock-secondary-weapon
    Locks the secondary banks for the specified ship(s)
    Takes 1 or more arguments
    (all): Name(s) of ship(s) to lock (ships do not need to be
    in-mission)
*unlock-secondary-weapon*
    unlock-secondary-weapon
    Unlocks the secondary banks for the specified ship(s)
    Takes 1 or more arguments
    (all): Name(s) of ship(s) to lock (ships do not need to be
    in-mission)
*lock-afterburner*
    lock-afterburner
    Locks the afterburners on the specified ship(s)
    Takes 1 or more arguments
    (all): Name(s) of ship(s) to lock (ships do not need to be
    in-mission)
*unlock-afterburner*
    unlock-afterburner
    Unlocks the afterburners on the specified ship(s)
    Takes 1 or more arguments
    (all): Name(s) of ship(s) to lock (ships do not need to be
    in-mission)
*shields-on*
    shields-on
    Causes the ship listed in this sexpression to have their
    shields activated.
    If the ship had no-shields prior to the sexp being called,
    the ETS will be rebalanced to default.
    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to activate shields on (ships do not need
    to be in-mission).
*shields-off*
    shields-off
    Causes the ships listed in this sexpression to have their
    shields deactivated.

    Takes 1 or more arguments...
    1+: Name of ships to deactivate shields on (ships do not
    need to be in-mission).
*force-glide*
    force-glide
    Forces a given ship into glide mode, provided it is capable
    of gliding. Note that the player will not be able to leave
    glide mode, and that a ship in glide mode cannot warp out or
    enter autopilot.Takes 2 Arguments...
    1: Ship to force (ship must be in-mission)
    2: True to activate glide, False to deactivate
*disable-ets*
    disable-ets
    Switches a ships' ETS system off

    Takes at least 1 argument...
    All: List of ships this sexp applies to (ship does not need
    to be in-mission)
*enable-ets*
    enable-ets
    Switches a ships' ETS system on

    Takes at least 1 argument...
    All: List of ships this sexp applies to (ship does not need
    to be in-mission)
*break-warp*
    break-warp
    Break the warp drive on the specified ship. A broken warp
    drive can be repaired by a repair ship. Takes 1 or more
    arguments...
    All: List of ships to break the warp drive on (ships do not
    need to be in-mission)
*fix-warp*
    fix-warp
    Fixes a broken warp drive instantaneously. This option
    applies to warp drives broken with the break-warp
    sepxression. Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: List of ships whose warp drive should be fixed (ships
    do not need to be in-mission)
*never-warp*
    never-warp
    Never allows a ship to warp out. When this sexpression is
    used, the given ships will never be able to warp out. The
    warp drive cannot be repaired. Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: List of ships whose are not allowed to warp out under
    any condition (ships do not need to be in-mission)
*allow-warp*
    allow-warp
    Allows a ship which was previously not allowed to warp out
    to do so. When this sexpression is used, the given ships
    will be able to warp out again. Takes 1 or more arguments...
    All: List of ships whose are allowed to warp out (ships do
    not need to be in-mission)
*special-warpout-name*
    special-warpout-name
    Sets the name of the knossos device to be used for warpout
    1: Ship name to exit (ship must be in-mission)
    2: Name of knossos device (knossos device must be in-mission)
*set-ets-values*
    set-ets-values
    Sets ETS indexes for a ship
    Index values are used in a hard-coded array to lookup
    recharge percentages
    Each index has a valid range of 0 to 12
    Use index values retrieved with get-ets-value
    Or if you use your own values, ensure they add up to 12
    (e.g. 0,3,9)
    1: Engine index
    2: Shields index
    3: Weapons index
    4: Ship name
*get-power-output*
    get-power-output
    Gets the power output rating of a ship
    1: Ship name
